Move content from platform (#762)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/retired.rst

#########################################
Retired systems
#########################################

The following systems have been retired. For the full list of available systems, run `service.backends()`.  For more information, see  `Run on quantum backends <how_to/backends.html>`__.

> To retrieve results from retired backends, use `qiskit-ibm-provider <https://qiskit.org/documentation/partners/qiskit_ibm_provider/stubs/qiskit_ibm_provider.IBMBackend.html#qiskit_ibm_provider.IBMBackend>` or `QiskitRuntimeService.jobs <https://qiskit.org/documentation/partners/qiskit_ibm_runtime/stubs/qiskit_ibm_runtime.QiskitRuntimeService.jobs.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve job results from retired backends, use `QiskitRuntimeService.jobs <https://qiskit.org/documentation/partners/qiskit_ibm_runtime/stubs/qiskit_ibm_runtime.QiskitRuntimeService.jobs.html>`_ for runtime jobs and `qiskit-ibm-provider <https://qiskit.org/documentation/partners/qiskit_ibm_provider/stubs/qiskit_ibm_provider.IBMBackend.html#qiskit_ibm_provider.IBMBackend>`_ for everything else.
```

   
+-----------------------+----------------------+
| System name           | Qubit count          |
+=======================+======================+
| **Montreal**          | **27**               |
+-----------------------+----------------------+

> | **Toronto**           | **27**               |

Reviewer: I don't think montreal and toronto are retired? I can still see them.

Author: They're retiring in March, according to this: https://github.ibm.com/IBM-Q-Software/sw-iqx-documentation/pull/1264

But I can pull them out for now and merge the change in its own branch later; depending on when the next Qiskit release is.  I'll follow up to find the actual date of retirement and the date of the next release.

Author: Looks like the next release is March 30, so I'll pull them out if the retirement isn't happening in the next couple of days.

+-----------------------+----------------------+

> | Armonk                | 1                    |

Reviewer: Can we use the real system names, i.e. `ibmq_armonk`, instead of just the city name?

Author: We've always just used city names; I'll investigate and update if everyone agrees that's OK.

Author: updated
